A number seven, two number forty fives, one with cheese, and a large soda.
A single lap should be completed each time you hear this sound. ding.
Airline food, my gosh, what is up with that stuff?
Alright we're here just sitting in the car. I want you to show me if you can get far.
Aw yeah, this is happening.
Can you tell me how to get to Sesame Street?
Come here, so I can slap you with my face.
Darth Plagueis was a dark lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise.
Dear Sheetz, you claim to have a chicken shortage yet the Mick Donald's down the road still has chicken nuggets.
Did you ever hear the Tragedy of Darth Plagueis the wise?
Do the Mario! Swing your arms from side to side, Come on, it's time to go, do the Mario! Take one step, and then again. Let's do the Mario, all together now!
Don't stop believing.
Don't turn me into a marketable plushie!
Excuse me sir, but it appears that a package has arrived in the mailbox as of recent.
Go back. I want to be monkey!
Go to the Winchester, have a pint, and wait for all of this to blow over.
Gosh darn it Kris, where the heck are we?
Happy happy, joy joy. Happy happy, joy joy.
He could use the force to influence the midichlorians to create life.
Hey, can you guys hear me alright?
Hey relax guy! I'm just your average joe! Take a rest!
I am speaking straight opinions, and that's all that matters.
I am the milk man. My milk is delicious.
I get home every day by eight P M at the latest.
I like that song. Let it play.
I started calling and I am hungry to the bone.
I swear the toilet was full of guacamole when I bought it!
I thought not. It's not a story the Jedi would tell you, it's a sith legend.
I work as an employee for the Kame Yu department stores.
I'd just like to interject for a moment.
I'll have two number nines, a number nine large, a number six with extra dip.
I'm going to order pizza, look at me, I'm on the phone, right now.
I'm just like my country. I'm young, scrappy, and hungry, and I am not throwing away my shot.
I'm not bad, I'm just drawn that way.
I'm still a piece of garbage.
Isn't it nice to have a computer that will talk to you?
It's always mad before the combat.
It needs to be about, twenty percent cooler.
Stop everything. Kris, get the banana.
Let's sing the pizza song.
Look, I performed a public service. You act like that's a bad thing!
Looks like your the first one here! Use the people tab on your watch to invite your friends to join you!
Minecraft is honestly a block game.
My house is in the northeast section of Morioh, where all the villas are, and I am not married.
My name is Yoshi Kagay Kira. I'm thirty three years old.
Never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down.
No, this is Patrick.
Now that I'm grown I eat five dozen eggs, so I'm roughly the size of a barge!
Now that's something you don't see every day!
Now the animators are gonna have to draw all this fire!
Oh my god! They killed Kenny!
Oh my gosh. Nemo's swimming out to sea!
Please call Stella. Ask her to bring these things with her from the store: Six spoons of fresh snow peas, five thick slabs of blue cheese, and maybe a snack for her brother Bob.
Remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible.
So while I wait, I start to sing the song of my people. I know it since I was a baby.
Somebody once told me the world is gonna roll me. I ain't the sharpest tool in the shed.
Space is big. Really big. You just won't believe how vastly hugely mind bogglingly big it is. I mean, you may think it's a long way down the road to the chemist, but that's just peanuts to space.
Sphinx of black quartz, judge my vow.
Stop posting about Among Us, I'm tired of seeing it! My friends on Tik Tok send me memes, on Discord it's memes.
Thank you, thank you very much, baby. Thank you very much. That was funny stuff.
That wasn't flying. That was falling with style.
That's Mama Luigi to you, Mario!
That's funny, Francis. Why don't you take your mustache, your little vest and your chaps and go find yourself a parade?
The twenty meter pacer test will begin in thirty seconds.
The Fitness Gram Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues.
The mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
The running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal. beep.
The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over.
The test will begin on the word start. On your mark, get ready, start.
The things I do for love!
The underlying feature of Toki Pona is minimalism. It focuses on simple universal concepts, making use of very little to express the most. The language is isolating and has fourteen phonemes and one hundred and thirty seven essential root words, as well as a number of less used words.
The word I'm searching for, I can't say because there's preschool toys present.
There is, according to legend, a boiling pot of gold at one end. People look, but no one ever finds it.
There's no crying. There's no crying in baseball.
These take the shape of a long round arch, with its path high above, and its two ends apparently beyond the horizon.
This is a test voice message.
This is where we hold them. This is where we fight!
To be fair, you have to have a very high I Q to understand Rick and Morty. The humor is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical physics most of the jokes will go over a typical viewer's head.
We also need a small plastic snake and a big toy frog for the kids. She can scoop these things into three red bags, and we will go meet her Wednesday at the train station.
We're sorry, you have reached a number that has been disconnected or is no longer in service. If you feel you have reached this recording in error, please check the number and try your call again.
What the fudge did you just fracking say about me you little witch?
I'd just like to interject for a moment. What you're refering to as Linux, is in fact, GNU slash Linux, or as I've recently taken to calling it, GNU plus Linux.
What's up, doc?
When I was a lad, I ate four dozen eggs every morning to help me get large.
When a zebras in the zone, leave him alone!
When the sunlight strikes raindrops in the air, they act as a prism and form a rainbow. The rainbow is a division of white light into many beautiful colors.
Whoops! You have to put the see dee in your computer.
Wow funny stuff doc did you see that?
Wow! That was intense! Woo, I just flew in from the new ruins level, and boy are my arms tired.
Years of academy training wasted!
You got that gas money?
You may find yourself in a beautiful house. With a beautiful wife. And you may ask yourself, well, how did I get here?
You know what they say, all toasters toast toast.
You know, what can I say? I die hard.
You should really stop pressing this button.
You're going to love me!
{EH1 F EH1 F} {EH1 M P EH2 G} is a very fast {V IH1 D IY0 OW0} and {AA1 D IY0 OW2} converter that can also grab from a {L AY1 V} {AA1 D IY0 OW2} {V IH1 D IY0 OW0} source.
The {T AA1 K OW0 T R AA1 N} 2 and {W EY1 V G L OW1} model form a text to speech system that {EH0 N EY1 B AH0 L Z} the user to synthesize a natural sounding speech from raw transcripts without any additional prosody information.
The {EH1 N V IH1 D IY0 AH0} {K UW1 D AH0} {T UW1 L K IH1 T} {P R AH0 V AY1 D Z} a development environment for creating high performance {JH IY1} {P IY1} {Y UW1} accelerated applications.
With the {K UW1 D AH0} {T UW1 L K IH1 T}, you can develop, optimize, and deploy your applications on {JH IY1} {P IY1} {Y UW1} accelerated embedded systems, desktop workstations, enterprise data centers, cloud based platforms and {EY1 CH} {P IY1} {S IY1} supercomputers.
{T OW1 OW1} {H OW1 OW1} {K OW1 OW1} {M AA1} {K IY1 OW1 OW1}, the Embodiment of Scarlet Devil.
Turn left on {HH AW1 S S T AH0 N} Street.
Waveglow is really awesome!
Well well, look at the city slicker pulling up in his fancy German car.